[Music]
the loops on the frame of a shopping
cart are for hanging fragile goods
like eggs and fresh bread so other
groceries don't crush them
a pop can tab has a hole on the other
end so you can twist it around
and put a straw through it the metal tip
of a tape measure
has a slit that lets you anchor it to a
nail or screw
you can also press the tip against the
surface to make marks
when your pencil is not within reach to
open a glass bottle without a bottle
opener hold the bottle vertically by the
neck
press your thumb on the lid and cling
the edge of it onto something hard
gently hit your wrist not the bottle and
the glass won't break
but the cap will pop off you don't need
a special scissor sharpener
do those even exist cutting fine
sandpaper or folded aluminum
foil will do the trick coins haven't
always had ridges on the edges
back when they were made of gold and
silver people would shave off pieces
from the sides
and melt enough shavings to make a whole
new coin
the ribs were put there to show the coin
is still intact
today it's more of a tradition you can
use a penny to check the tread on your
tires
put the coin in between the tread lines
with the head upside down
if you can see the top of the head well
it's time to pony up for some new tires
that small square piece of fabric that
comes with clothes
often with a button sewn to it isn't for
patching holes
it's so you can test if the material
fades stays or pills in the wash
before you throw the whole garment in
the machine and possibly ruin it
no escalator brushes aren't there to
clean your shoes
these bristles mark the edges of the
steps if you stand too close to the edge
your shoelaces or loose hanging clothes
could be dragged into the gap between
the stairs and the wall
we instinctively step back when we feel
the brush touch our leg
the extra pocket on the right side of a
suit jacket
is called the ticket pocket first they
were used to store
coins for people on horseback to pay
toll booths without having to open their
jackets
then when train travel became popular
they held tickets and passes for easy
access
as for the left chest pocket it was used
to store handkerchiefs
keeping them away from the other
cluttered and dirty pockets
the hole in a pen cap is there in case
the thing gets swallowed
it allows air to flow through lego heads
have holes in them for the same reason
go look at your bathroom sink really see
the hole
up near the rim it's there to prevent
overflows
excess water goes into the siphon and
your floor stays dry
in case you forgot to shut the water off
it also helps your sink drain faster
instead of glugging down slowly as it
fights air resistance
the hole gives that air somewhere to
escape
there's a special oval shaped
compartment under the flap of the tic
tac container
it's supposed to make it easier to
extract one little mint at a time
well if you still like the idea of
having a handful of them
i can't blame you what side of your car
is the gas tank on
well it may be a tricky question if
you're driving a rented vehicle or some
brand new wheels
but just look at the little gas pump on
your dashboard fuel indicator
the little arrow points to which side
the tank is on
holes and tube-like coffee stirring
sticks help reduce resistance from the
liquid
so they can stir the sugar more
efficiently and we're thankful for that
this design also makes the plastic stick
sturdier
and protects it from bending in hot
water and manufacturers save money by
using less plastic when the thing is
hollow
[Music]
the microwave door looks completely
black when it's off
but when you're heating up your food you
can see through it look closely
it's not just a black glass it's a
special mesh against regular glass
this protective metal screen keeps the
microwave energy
inside dimples on the surface of a golf
ball
make it look cuter now actually the
dimples increase its lift and reduce air
resistance
meaning a ball can go further with them
in my case it goes further into the
trees and pods
these dimples don't have to be spherical
they can be hexagonal or
any other shape but choose carefully the
slightest change in form or depth
can really affect the ball's performance
those two holes on the side of any
converse shoe are not there only to let
the stinky air out
sure breathability is important for any
athlete
but the second reason is that athletes
lace through those holes to get a better
grip
donuts have a hole in the middle and it
doesn't stand for oh
and donut it's not designed for an
easier grip either
although it can be quite convenient it's
actually made this way for mass baking
so that they cook all the way through
evenly
most metallic zippers have a hidden lock
inside them to save you from
awkward situations such as an undone fly
oh boy don't leave the zipper handle in
an upward position
when you pull it downwards it
automatically locks it's all thanks to
those
tiny grooves hidden underneath the
handle
almost any public toilet has a large gap
between the floor
and the door the reason for such a zero
privacy thing
is to actually minimize the level of
privacy and comfort
so that people wouldn't stay there long
and there'd be no lines
is also easier to clean and safer if
some emergency occurs
spoiled milk emits gases like most foods
when they go bad
a classic plastic milk jug has a concave
shape on one side
so when the gases expand inside the jug
it expands too
and the concave shape curves out also
if you want to save some milk for later
and freeze it the jug will expand when
the milk gets solid
as well occupying more space in a jug
head rests in a car are about comfort
and detachable headrests are about
safety if you pull the headrest out of
the seat you'll see two bars which are
quite sturdy
if you ever get locked or trapped in a
car you can get out of there
smashing the window with one of these
bars
bath foam isn't only for fun or a nice
smell
it also helps regulate the temperature
the bubbles keep the water hot
so you can enjoy a bath a bit longer
anyway it works for acrylic bathtubs
only
those made of metal lose heat really
fast either way
don't waste your strawberries by cutting
off the top use a straw
and push through from the bottom of the
strawberry now enjoy a tasty cylinder of
strawberry goodness
just don't eat the leaves mini
screwdrivers can be used with a wrench
to create more torque
just place the wrench over the handle of
the screwdriver
and you'll use a lot less force than you
would have before
it also makes it easier to get to those
hard to reach areas
flip any tupperware container over and
you'll likely see a few symbols
these are to show you if they're
dishwasher safe if they can be
microwaved or frozen
and how to recycle them analog
watches can do much more than tell time
if you need to step away from your
computer a bunch of times
but don't want to have to keep logging
back in place your mouse
over the top of your analog watch the
mouse will read the ticking
second hand and keep your computer
screen from turning black
extension cords can easily frustrate
anyone
just as you start getting into a rhythm
the power cuts out
the best way to avoid this is simple
builders use this trick all the time
tie the ends together and they'll never
disconnect again
jerry cans have three handles so you can
carry it without sloshing the liquid
around
you grab the middle one if you're alone
or you and a friend
each grab a side one and gas cans have
an extra tiny hole to prevent
glugging that's a real word keep it open
and it gives the air somewhere to escape
wooden closet hangers are often made of
cedar
because it repels bugs and smells nice
but if your delicate
tops keep slipping off your wooden
hangers wrap some pipe cleaners around
the shoulder part
buttons were originally put on the left
side of women's garments
because it was easier for their
right-handed maids to dress them
people dress themselves nowadays but the
tradition stuck
the f and j buttons on the keyboard have
tiny bumps
so you can quickly find your home row
keys without looking
they mark where your index finger should
be
see the 57 etched into the neck of a
glass ketchup bottle
that's where you're supposed to tap it
to get the sauce out not from the bottom
the number in the upper right corner of
heinz packets
shows which line the packet was
manufactured on
that's all similar story with the
colorful boxes on toothpaste tubes
they tell the manufacturer's machines
where to cut and fold the plastic a
toblerone bar is shaped with those
triangular
tooth like pieces so you can break a
piece off easier
just press the mountain top on the end
toward the one next to it
you mean somebody doesn't know this
already
the folded flaps on top of juice boxes
are there so you can hold the box
without squeezing the liquid out the
drawer under the oven
isn't for storing kitchenware it was put
there so you can keep ready dishes warm
while others are still cooking the backs
of uk
coins have seemingly random pictures and
lines
put all the coins together from the
penny to the 50 pence piece
and you'll see the royal coat of arms if
you look at the wraps home
the long thin box there's a special
little feature that can help you
a cardboard tab on each end push them in
and the rolls not going anywhere strange
that i've never seen them before
it's lunchtime i'm feeling like a
california roll today
seaweed rice cucumber avocado and crab
meat
or is it it's actually imitation crab
it's basically cheap white fish blended
with sugar
the fish mixture is then heated and
pressed into shape
yummy that's maybe why it's called the
hot dog of the sea
now i just made that up
microwave has a secret we've all seen
but never paid attention to
that black mesh you see on the door is a
faraday cage
it stops the electromagnetic energy or
the microwaves from escaping
and cooking you too that's how it heats
up your food so quickly
[Music]
ever taken an iq test and realized
you're einstein level smart
me neither the median iq is only 100
plus there's very little evidence that
einstein ever even took the test
in the beginning most people thought the
tests were too vague to be helpful in
any way
the test was designed for children who
needed help with their studies
later they realized it could be adapted
to identify intelligence
but it was never originally designed for
that
hey never pop bubble wrap you're missing
out
and you guessed it it was never meant to
be popped or
used in the way we use it today it was
invented as a new
textured wallpaper by sealing two shower
curtains together
they created the first bubbles the idea
never really took off obviously
after failing his wallpaper it
discovered its true meaning in life
it could protect sensitive items when
the first computers were being shipped
bubble wrap was there to help imagine a
house with bubble wrap
wallpaper in every room
so making a mistake with a pencil is
easy to fix
you just use the pink side right and
with ink you just flip the eraser and
use the blue part
wrong and you just wrecked a perfectly
good piece of paper
that's because the blue part is actually
also for pencil
mind blown the blue side of the eraser
is for erasing mistakes on thicker paper
where the softer pink side just can't
get the job done a vegetable peeler
isn't just for potatoes or carrots
you can use it to shave off thin slices
of onion
hey i just saved you time stress and a
whole bunch of tears
it's also good for cutting perfect thin
slices of cheese
everything is better with cheese the
diagonal leather patch on
backpacks isn't just for decoration it's
there to hold your nasty shoes
backpacks are made for the outdoors with
pockets to hold water bottles
pens maps coins and maybe even tiny dogs
so it makes sense to tie up your muddy
shoes on the outside of your bag
placing a wooden spoon across the top of
a pod of pasta
can stop it from turning into a volcano
situation
the bubbles get all confused when they
come into contact with the spoon's water
repelling surface
and they retreat back into the pot
victory
less mess and more pasta if you're
pre-rinsing your dishes like you were
told to
you might be getting worse results from
your dishwasher
most modern dishwashers have sensors
inside them
to sense how dirty your plates are then
they unleash a controlled jet of water
to get all of that
stuff off scrape any solid food into
your compost bin
and stack them up properly let the
dishwasher do the hard work
dropping an open juice box can turn a
relaxing sunday
into a day of cleaning up a sticky mess
the manufacturers know how you feel and
how clumsy you can be
that's why they put little handles on
the cartons flip up the flaps at the top
of the juice box
okay now you can totally space out
blenders are designed to have the
liquids put in first
to make the perfect smoothie add your
milk coconut water
yogurt or whatever you use in first
then your berries and spinach and
whatever you can thank me later
you're welcome if you get a box of
chocolates with a little dent in between
the holes for the candy
push it the chocolate surrounding it
will pop right out of their snug little
compartments
you shouldn't have to push the sweets
from the bottom though this weighs
much quicker don't throw away those
little silica gel packets you get in new
shoes and bags
you can use them to absorb moisture in
any place it collects
foam get wet put it in a plastic baggie
with a silica gel packet
it'll get the water out throw one in
your shoes to keep them smelling fresh
tape one to the lid of your pet's food
container to keep mold out
you can even put a packet in your tool
box to prevent rust
pants creases have their story too to
squeeze in as many goods as possible to
transport them
folded pants got heavily pressed it was
next to impossible to get rid of the
resulting creases
so why not make them fashionable
doorknobs are usually made of brass
bronze or some other copper alloys for a
reason
they have an anti-microbial effect they
get rid of germs pretty fast within a
couple of hours
but you still have to wash your hands
after touching doorknobs
airplane windows have holes in them to
keep from shattering from air pressure
differences
but only some of them the window has
three layers of glass
the outer pane is made from a sturdy
material that can withstand air pressure
differences during takeoff and landing
the inner panel is made of cheaper
material and prevents potential damage
to the window
the hole in the middle pane balances
that airflow
it also keeps the windows from fogging
up
almost every padlock has a tiny
mysterious hole near the turnkey hole
it's there so water can drain out after
a rainy day
also if your lock got jammed the right
way to lubricate it
is through this hole those little
buttons
they're actually called rivets on jeans
were originally put there to keep the
seam from ripping
jeans back then were worn mostly by
miners and other laborers
who put their pockets under a lot of
daily wear and tear
we don't put our pockets under such
stress these days but the tradition of
rivets stuck around
and no it's not true that the rivets
were named in honor of the frogs the
california prospectors found while
panning for gold
most of the buttonholes on a shirt are
vertical
but the top and sometimes bottom are
horizontal
the reason is simple these two slip out
more often than the other buttons
so the horizontal buttonhole can stop
your garment from popping open
like the lid on a cheap suitcase
next time you're struggling to peel off
that tiny foil cover on a tube of
ointment or cream
look at the top of the cap it normally
has a spike on it for this exact purpose
every toothpick comes with its own handy
little holder
just break off the top put it on the
table and place your toothpick between
the notches
pointy end up now it won't touch the
table and get all dirty
you can do the same thing with
disposable chopsticks break off the top
piece before
you pull them apart a typical box cutter
has
lines on its blade these lines show
where the blade can be broken if it gets
dull
when doing this use the removable sleeve
on the backside
it's safer this way
for when your butter is too hard to cut
put a glass of water in the microwave
for a minute or so
test the glass so it's not too hot take
it out and pour out the water
put the warm glass over the butter it'll
soften up in no time
coconut oil isn't just useful in the
kitchen or for making hair masks
you can also use it to get chewing gum
out of your hair
if your pants zipper is stuck or your
door hinges squeak
you can use coconut oil as a substitute
for wd-40
you can also polish cutlery and leather
with it